Update per user's request (#110)
HDFGroup/hdf5_plugins: docs/RegisteredFilterPlugins.md

|32028   |<a href="#h5z-sperr">H5Z-SPERR</a>    |H5Z-SPERR is the HDF5 filter for SPERR|
|32029   |<a href="#jpeg-2000">Openjpeg JPEG-2000</a>    | |
|32030   |<a href="#hcompress">Hcompress</a>    | |
|32029   |<a href="#jpeg-2000">Openjpeg JPEG-2000</a>    | OpenJPEG is an open-source JPEG 2000 codec written in C language, capable of lossless compression, but often used as a lossy compression. |

> |32030   |<a href="#hcompress">Hcompress</a>    | Hcompress is the image compression package written by Richard L. White for use at the Space Telescope Science Institute, which is particular useful as a compression to retain isolated srtong peaks against a quiet background. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|32030   |<a href="#hcompress">Hcompress</a>    | Hcompress is the image compression package written by Richard L. White for use at the Space Telescope Science Institute, which is particularly useful as a compression to retain isolated strong peaks against a quiet background. |
```
